README.md, before:

# material-you-theme
Applies generated libadwaita theme from wallpaper using Material You

## Installation
Copy the extension to your extensions folder (create the folder if it does not exist).
```
git clone https://github.com/avanishsubbiah/material-you-theme
cd material-you-theme
cp -r material-you-theme@asubbiah.com ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/
```
Log out and log back in and you should be able to enable it in your extension manager.

NOTE: Using the extension now will theme your native installed libadwaita apps, follow the steps below to have the theme apply to GTK3 and flatpak apps.

### Libadwaita
#### Native
Themeing for native libadwaita will work by default.
#### Flatpak
Install [Flatseal](https://github.com/tchx84/Flatseal), and add `xdg-config/gtk-4.0` to **Other Files** under the category **Filesystem** in the **All Applications** section.

### GTK3
#### Native
Install the [adw-gtk3](https://github.com/lassekongo83/adw-gtk3) theme and apply it.
#### Flatpak
After installing the [adw-gtk3](https://github.com/lassekongo83/adw-gtk3) add `xdg-config/gtk-3.0` to **Other Files** under the category **Filesystem** in the **All Applications** section using [Flatseal](https://github.com/tchx84/Flatseal).

## Usage
Once the extension is enabled there will be a paint icon in the status area. Toggling Dark Mode will apply the appropriate material light/dark theme generated using your current wallpaper. If you change your wallpaper, you will need to click **Refresh Material Theme** to regenerate and reapply a new material light/dark theme.

Commit message:

Add `:ro` to flatpak permissions and add reset section

README.md, after:

# material-you-theme
Applies generated libadwaita theme from wallpaper using Material You

## Installation
Copy the extension to your extensions folder (create the folder if it does not exist).
```
git clone https://github.com/avanishsubbiah/material-you-theme
cd material-you-theme
cp -r material-you-theme@asubbiah.com ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/
```
Log out and log back in and you should be able to enable it in your extension manager.

NOTE: Using the extension now will theme your native installed libadwaita apps, follow the steps below to have the theme apply to GTK3 and flatpak apps.

### Libadwaita
#### Native
Themeing for native libadwaita will work by default.
#### Flatpak
Install [Flatseal](https://github.com/tchx84/Flatseal), and add `xdg-config/gtk-4.0:ro` to **Other Files** under the category **Filesystem** in the **All Applications** section.

### GTK3
#### Native
Install the [adw-gtk3](https://github.com/lassekongo83/adw-gtk3) theme and apply it.
#### Flatpak
After installing the [adw-gtk3](https://github.com/lassekongo83/adw-gtk3) add `xdg-config/gtk-3.0:ro` to **Other Files** under the category **Filesystem** in the **All Applications** section using [Flatseal](https://github.com/tchx84/Flatseal).

## Usage
Once the extension is enabled there will be a paint icon in the status area. Toggling Dark Mode will apply the appropriate material light/dark theme generated using your current wallpaper. If you change your wallpaper, you will need to click **Refresh Material Theme** to regenerate and reapply a new material light/dark theme.

## Resetting
To reset the applied theme you'll have to remove `~/.config/gtk-4.0/gtk.css` and `~/.config/gtk-3.0/gtk.css`, this can be achieved by running these commands:
```
rm ~/.config/gtk-4.0/gtk.css
rm ~/.config/gtk-3.0/gtk.css
```
Additionally, if you applied the theme to flatpak you have to remove the `xdg-config/gtk-3.0:ro` and `xdg-config/gtk-4.0:ro` permissions using [Flatseal](https://github.com/tchx84/Flatseal) under the category **Filesystem** in the **All Applications** section.
